The Section on Statistical Computing of the ASA is excited to host its
online symposium (asa-ssc.github.io/minisymp2023) on November 4, 2023.
The symposium, "Statistical Computing in Action", aims to demonstrate
the remarkable potential and elegance of statistical computing to
students and provide a platform to refine their statistical computing
expertise, enriching their skill set and problem-solving capabilities.
Additionally, the event endeavors to foster a collaborative and
inclusive community that bridges the gap across various computing
languages, encouraging knowledge exchange and mutual growth.

The symposium presents a remarkable occasion to engage with prominent
data science experts, who will share their valuable insights and
experiences in propelling innovation within the realm of statistical
computing and software development. This year\'s symposium not only
features the highly anticipated data jamboree, but also includes
exciting additions such as refereed speed presentations. These new
elements will specifically focus on exploring recent advancements in
methodology and their applications, offering a dynamic atmosphere for
attendees.

We warmly invite all student members of the Statistical Computing
Section and offer free attendance to them. For ASA members, a nominal
registration fee is required, which is further discounted for
non-student members of the Statistical Computing Section. We kindly
request you to spread the word and share this opportunity with anyone
who may have an interest in statistical computing and data science. ASA
member ID is required for current members, and we welcome nonmembers to
consider joining ASA and the Section on Statistical Computing and
Graphics.

**Who should attend:**\
Statisticians, statistical analysts/programmers, academic researchers,
students, or anyone interested in learning more about statistical
computing and data science.

For more information, visit [**2023 SSC
Symposium**](https://asa-ssc.github.io/minisymp2023/)

**Key speakers (Tentative):**

Simon Urbanek, Executive Editor of R Journal, Senior Lecturer of Data
Science, University of Auckland

**Panelists (Tentative):**

Tracy Teal, Open Source Program Director, Posit PBC

Carol Willing, Python and Jupyter Core Developer, VP of Engineering,
Noteable

Achim Zeileis, Editor-in-Chief of Journal of Statistical Software,
Professor, Universität Innsbruck

**Venue: **Online, Zoom Webinar

**Agenda:**\
**November 4, Central Time**

11:00 -- 11:10: Welcoming Remark

11:10 -- 11:50: Keynote Address

11:50 -- 13:05: Data Jamboree

13:10 - 14:25: Contributed Speed Sessions

14:30 -- 15:30: Panel Discussion

**Registration: Registration opens on 8/15/2023, please click the link
below to register.**

<https://asa-ssc.github.io/minisymp2023/registration/>

Please contact me at <mingzhaohu@ucsb.edu> should you have any
questions.

Sincerely,

Mingzhao Hu

2023 ASA Statistical Computing and Graphics Symposium Committee
